src
   ├──server.js
   ├──.env           dotenv configuration
   ├──app
         ├── index.js                   app entry point
         ├── /api-docs                  api documnentation (swagger/openApi)
         ├── /api-routes                api routes         
         ├── /config                    config settings, env variables
               ├──config.js             convict configuration
               ├──development.json      development configuration values         
         ├── /controllers               controller layer
         ├── /loaders                   loaders for startup modules
         ├── /services                  service layer: business logic
         ├── /models                    data access layer: database models
         ├── /scripts                   miscellaneous NPM scripts
         ├── /subscribers               async event handlers
         └── /test                      test suites



npm init -y
npm install express sequelize mysql2 cors --save













NODE JS IS ASYNCHRONOUS DUE TO EVENTLOOP


...........................................COMMAND LINE GIT ORDER....................................................... 

.............What is Git Flow (Understanding Uptil Now)

11.1.23

11 -> release / version
1  -> feature
23 -> bugfix



git remote add origin https://github.com/yameenjavaid/TODOAPP

git flow init

git flow feature start feature_branch

->  In here i added the readme.md 
->  git add .
->  committed the changes ( git commit -m "yameen's changes in feature branch" )
->  git push -u origin feature/feature_branch
->  now after pusing changes to our feature branch we can now merge it with develop but first we have to change back to
    develop

git checkout develop

git merge feature_branch

-> once merged we can now finish the feature

git flow feature finish feature_branch

...........................................COMMAND LINE GIT ORDER.......................................................





In a database, the term UID refers to a unique identifier that is generated to identify a specific record in the database. This identifier can be either automatically generated by the database system or manually assigned by the user.

UUID (Universally Unique Identifier) is a standardized format for generating unique IDs that can be used across different systems and platforms. In Node.js, UUID can be generated using the uuid library. It is a popular choice for generating unique IDs in Node.js applications because it eliminates the possibility of ID collisions, even if the IDs are generated in different systems or by different users.

->  First, it can easily create confusion when we’re doing things like joining tables or importing new data, because the 
    id  values above aren’t unique. This can create problems even internally if we use the same ID system for multiple tables, but it really gets messy when we start working with any kind of outside data.
->  the sequential approach doesn’t work well in any kind of distributed system, because it means that INSERT commands 
    must be executed one by one. This restriction can cause major performance issues at scale.

UUIDs solve all of these problems because:

They’re globally unique, so the chances of encountering a duplicate ID even in external data are very, very small.
They can be generated without the need to check against a central node, so in a distributed system, each node can generate UUIDs autonomously without fear of duplication or consistency issues.


...............................................STATUS CODES:...............................................................

Here is a list of common HTTP response codes and their descriptions:

    200 OK - The request was successful, and the server returns a representation of the requested resource.

    201 Created - The request was successful, and the server has created a new resource as a result.

    204 No Content - The request was successful, but the server does not return a representation of the requested resource.

    400 Bad Request - The request could not be understood or was missing required parameters.

    401 Unauthorized - The request requires user authentication, and the provided credentials were either missing or incorrect.

    403 Forbidden - The request is valid, but the server refuses to fulfill it.

    404 Not Found - The requested resource could not be found.

    500 Internal Server Error - An unexpected condition was encountered by the server and no more specific message is suitable.

    501 Not Implemented - The server does not support the functionality required to fulfill the request.

    503 Service Unavailable - The server is temporarily unavailable, usually due to maintenance or overloading.

    504 Gateway Timeout - The server was acting as a gateway or proxy and did not receive a timely response from the upstream server.

...........................................................................................................................

..........................................AVAILABLE MIME TYPES.............................................................

These we define will doing res.writeHead(200, {'content-type': 'text/plain'})

    text/plain
    text/html
    application/json
    application/xml
    application/pdf
    image/jpeg
    image/png
    audio/mpeg
    video/mp4
    application/zip
    application/x-www-form-urlencoded


References:

https://www.cockroachlabs.com/blog/what-is-a-uuid/
https://www.unomaha.edu/college-of-information-science-and-technology/computer-science-learning-center/_files/resources/CSLC-Helpdocs-Git.pdf
